Create README.md (#1)
Alexander5421/cs431Lab: README.md

# cs431Lab

> This repository contains all the lab exercises and project submissions for the CS431 course related to the ESP32 microcontroller.

Author: ```suggestion
   This repository contains all the lab exercises and project submissions for the CS431 course related to the two-wheel robot.
```

## Labs

> The labs in this repository cover a range of topics related to the ESP32 microcontroller, including:

Reviewer: Please continue what you left
